## 1. Alerts

An alert is a box that pops up to give the user a message.

```javascript
alert("Thanks for yout input!");
```

Alert is a keyword—that is, a word that has special meaning for JavaScript. It means, "Display, in an alert box, the message that follows." Note that alert isn't capitalized.

***A semicolon isn't always necessary, but it's easier to end every statement with a semicolon, rather than stop to figure out whether you need one.***

## 2. Variables for Strings

```js
var name = "Mark"
name = "Ace"
```

## 3. Variables for Numbers

```javascript
var weight = 150;
```

## 8. Concatenating text strings

```javascript
var userName = "kim";
alert("Thanks, " + userName + "!");
```

## 9. Prompts

***A prompt box asks the user for some information and provides a response field for her answer.***

This code asks the user the question "Your species?" and ***provides a default answer in the response field, "human".*** She can change the response. Whether she leaves the default response as-is or changes it to something else, her response is assigned to the variable.

```c++
var spec = prompt("Your species?", "human");
var numberOfCats = prompt("How many cats?");
var tooManyCats = numberOfCats + 1;
```

But no such luck. ***All responses to prompts come back as strings.*** When the string, "3", is linked with a plus to the number, 1, JavaScript converts the 1 to a string and concatenates. So the value of tooManyCats winds up being not 4 but "31". 

## 10 . if statement

```javascript
var x = prompt("Where does the Pope live?");
if (x === "Vatican") {
    alert("Correct");
}
```

In most cases, a double equal sign == is just as good as a triple equal sign ===. However, there is a slight technical difference, which you may never need to know. Again, to keep things simple, I always use the triple equal sign.

```elixir
#In elixir
iex> 1 == 1    #true
iex> 1 == 1.0  #true
iex> 1 === 1   #true
iex> 1 === 1.0 #false
```

## 12. if...else and else if statement

```javascript
if (x === "vatican") {
    alert("Correct!");
}
else {
    alert("Wrong answer");
}

if (x === "vaitican") {
    
}
else if (x === "rome") {
    
}
```

## 15. Arrays

```javascript
var cities = ["Atlanta", "Baltimore", "Chicago"];
```

can even mix the different types in the same array

```javascript
var mixedArray = [1, "Bob", "Now is", true]
```

## 16. Arrays Adding and removing elements

```javascript
var pets = [];
pets[0] = "dog";
pets[1] = "cat";
pets[2] = "bird";
```

But you can legally leave gaps in an array

```javascript
pets[3] = "lizard"
pets[6] = "snake"
```

But if you refer to pets[4] or pets[5], you'll get undefined.

Using the keyword, pop, you can remove the last element of an array.

```javascript
pets.pop();
//Adds two new elements to the end of the array.
pets.push("fish", "ferret");
```

## 17. Arrays:Removing, inserting, and extracting elements

Use the `shift` method  to remove an element from the beginning of an array.

```javascript
pets.shift();
```

To add one or more elements to the beginning of an array, use the `unshift` method.

```javascript
pets.unshift("fish", "ferret");
```

Use the `splice` method to insert one or more elements anywhere in an array

```javascript
pets.splice(2, 2, "pig", "duck", "emu");
```

The first digit inside the parentheses is the index of the position where you want to start adding if you're adding and deleting if you're deleting. ***The second digit is the number of existing elements to remove, starting with the first element that comes after the element(s) that you're splicing in.***

You could make additions without removing any elements.

```javascript
pets.splice(2, 0, "pig", "duck", "emu");
```

You can also remove elements without adding any.

```javascript
pets.splice(2,2);
```

Use the `slice` method to copy one or more consecutive elements in any position and put them into a new array. 

```javascript
var noPets = pets.slice(2,4);
```

The first digit inside the parentheses is the index of the first element to be copied. The second digit is the index of the element after the last element to be copied.

> push, pop : add/delete from the last
>
> unshift/shift : add/delete from the begining

## 18. for loops

```javascript
for (var i = 0; i < 4; i++) {
    
}
```

## 23. Strings:Finding segments

```javascript
var firstChar = test.indexOf("World War II");
text = text.slice(0, firstChar) + "the Second World War" + text.slice(firstChar + 12);
//test.slice(integer) -> integer부터 끝까지 선택 됨
test = test.lastIndexOf("World")
```

If the segment exists, the method finds the index of the first character of the segment and assigns it to the variable firstChar. If the segment doesn't exist, the method assigns -1 to the variable,